README.md, before:

# JSON Viewer - Visual Studio Extension

This is a simple extension to Visual Studio displaying JSON data in more user-friendly formats. After installation it is available in the main menu: Tools -&gt; JSON Viewer.

Applicable to VS 2012...2015. Please note that custom VS extensions cannot be installed into Express editions of Visual Studio due to a Microsoft policy.

**Features:**
- ability to print formatted data
- ability to format input data keeping JSON markup and omitting it
- ability to compare 2 JSONs

##### Screenshot 1. General View
![alt tag](https://github.com/marss19/json-viewer-visual-studio-extension/blob/master/docs/jv-general.png)


##### Screenshot 2. Formatting
![alt tag](https://github.com/marss19/json-viewer-visual-studio-extension/blob/master/docs/jv-formats2.png)


##### Screenshot 3. Comparison
![alt tag](https://github.com/marss19/json-viewer-visual-studio-extension/blob/master/docs/jw-compare.png)


Project migrated from https://jsonviewervsextension.codeplex.com/

Commit message:

updated Readme with link to Visual Studio Gallery with the latest release

README.md, after:

# JSON Viewer - Visual Studio Extension

This is a simple Visual Studio extension displaying JSON data in more user-friendly format. After installation it is available in the main menu: Tools -&gt; JSON Viewer.

Applicable to VS 2012...2017. 
Please note that custom VS extensions cannot be installed into Express editions of Visual Studio due to the Microsoft policy.

**Features:**
- ability to print formatted data
- ability to format input data keeping JSON markup and omitting it
- ability to compare 2 JSONs

Download the latest release: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/vsgallery/1d698230-c54a-46d4-8a1e-0632c7c4cc82

##### Screenshot 1. General View.
![alt tag](https://github.com/marss19/json-viewer-visual-studio-extension/blob/master/docs/jv-general.png)


##### Screenshot 2. Formatting.
![alt tag](https://github.com/marss19/json-viewer-visual-studio-extension/blob/master/docs/jv-formats2.png)


##### Screenshot 3. Comparison of JSONs.
![alt tag](https://github.com/marss19/json-viewer-visual-studio-extension/blob/master/docs/jw-compare.png)


Project migrated from https://jsonviewervsextension.codeplex.com/
